fix: bind this in API-returned objects & update docs for JS implementers (#1645)
finos/FDC3: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/).

## [Unreleased]

> * Enhanced method binding for FDC3 API objects to support destructuring. All public methods of `Channel`, `PrivateChannel`, and `IntentResolution` objects are now properly bound to their instances using `.bind(this)` in constructors, ensuring correct behavior when methods are destructured in JavaScript applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enhanced method binding for FDC3 API objects to support destructuring. All public methods of `Channel`, `PrivateChannel`, and `IntentResolution` objects are now properly bound to their instances using `.bind(this)` in their constructors. ([#1645](https://github.com/finos/FDC3/issues/1645))
```

Add PR link to changelog
